Admission Date:  [**2158-1-31**]     Discharge Date:  [**2158-2-4**]

Date of Birth:   [**2111-2-7**]     Sex:  F

Service:
ADMITTING DIAGNOSIS:  Pelvic mass.

POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:  Ovarian cancer.

HISTORY OF THE PRESENT ILLNESS:  The patient was admitted for
with symptoms of bloating.  The patient's workup revealed a
large pelvic mass that was suspicious for ovarian cancer.

PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  Significant for migraines.

PAST SURGICAL HISTORY:  Noncontributory.


PAST OBSTETRICAL HISTORY:  Noncontributory.

HOSPITAL COURSE:  The patient was admitted for an exploratory
laparotomy, TAH/BSO, peritoneal washings, omentectomy, and
debulking, and pelvic lymph node dissection.  The estimated
blood loss of the procedure was 250 cc. The procedure was
uncomplicated.  The patient's
postoperative course was complicated by an episode of
respiratory arrest believed to be related to narcotic
sensitivity.  The patient had received in total 3 mg of
morphine IV and 4 mg of Dilaudid IV and then 4 mg of Dilaudid
subcutaneously.  A code was called.  The patient's airway was
immediately secured and she was immediately bagged.  Narcan
was given IV and the patient responded well with a vigorous
respiratory effort.

The patient was transferred to the MICU for closer monitoring
and at that time was started on a Narcan drip.  The patient
did well for the remainder of the night and the Narcan drip
was then discontinued in the early morning.  The patient's
pain control overnight was managed with a dose of p.o.
Percocet early in the morning.

The patient was called out of the MICU on postoperative day
number one and transferred to the regular Postsurgical Floor.
The patient's pain control was initially controlled with
Percocet and then transitioned to Toradol and then finally
after a consultation with the Pain Service was transitioned
to Flexeril 10 mg t.i.d. and Motrin 600 mg q. six hours.  In
addition, Physical Therapy consult was obtained to provide
assistance with the patient in ambulation and mobility.

The patient's urine output was adequate throughout her
hospitalization/postoperative course.  She began tolerating
p.o. on postoperative day number one.  On postoperative day
number one, she also began ambulating.  The patient's Foley
was discontinued and she was voiding spontaneously.  Her
vital signs remained stable for the remainder of the
hospitalization.  Her abdominal examination had positive
bowel sounds and was appropriately tender.  Her incision
remained clean, dry, and intact.  The patient will be
discharged to home on a full diet with Flexeril 10 mg t.i.d.
and 600 mg of Motrin q. six hours, simethicone 80 mg q. eight
hours.

DISPOSITION:  The patient will be discharged to home.

CONDITION ON DISCHARGE:  Good.  The patient will have home
VNA to assess her postoperative course.

FOLLOW-UP:  The patient will follow-up with Dr. [**First Name (STitle) 1022**] in
approximately one months time.




                          [**First Name8 (NamePattern2) **] [**First Name8 (NamePattern2) **] [**Name8 (MD) **], M.D.  [**MD Number(1) 4871**]

Dictated By:[**Name8 (MD) 4872**]

MEDQUIST36

D:  [**2158-2-4**]  01:04
T:  [**2158-2-6**]  12:56
JOB#:  [**Job Number 4873**]





